So far we've been using Simbel da iterator to work with built in iterable but you can actually use the
symbol iterator to create your own iterable.
So for example objects by default are not iterable but we can make them iterable by taking advantage
of symbol.
Iterator Zwolle will do is first we're going to write out some code and then in the next video I'm going
to try and explain in as much detail and as clearly as I can what I actually did.
So we'll do a collection and this is going to be an object that we're going to make iterable now inside
of here I'm going to have a property called items that will be an array.
And then after that I going to make collection singular.
It doesn't make sense for it to be plural.
Then after that I'm going to make my own default iterator by creating a generator function then I'm
going to use a computed value and I'm going to say symbol.
Whoops dot iterator like.
So outside of that still defining this.
OK.
So inside of here I want to do for let item of items or items I should say this items were inside of
the object and then after that inside of here I'm going to go ahead and put yield item like so and then
we can clean this up if we want to which I do.
So when I go ahead and do that real quick there we go.
And then after that we need to pop this over a little bit.
So I will make this just a little nicer looking like so perfect.
So now it looks a little cleaner.
So next thing we need to do is go ahead and add a couple of things to our items array.
So I'm just going to push on a couple of values so we'll do one and then after that we'll copy this
so we'll do two and then three loops and then three like so.
Then after that if we try to use a for loop with her object before this would not have worked.
But now if I try I'll do for then I'll do less and vow of collection like so and then just cancel the
log the value.
You'll see that it prints out one to three.
So what once was an iterable is now an iterable.
Now obviously the syntax looks pretty wild pretty confusing so in the next video I'm going to go into
detail about what's actually going on.